Are you expensive today or not?
It's not expensive. You put my grandma in the hospital
You still want me to kneel, you dream
The mouth is quite stubborn
You know, you bitch, how dare you hit me?
Bitch who can't get on the table
Dare to call Mr. Li for help
Do you really think he will care about you?
Lili, or forget it
Mian Wei is so miserable
Jiang Yuhang, do you still want me to forgive you?
Certainly.
I'm not afraid of you baby because
Does an unworthy person hurt their own body?
Good idea.
Then you slap him ten times in front of me now
I will forgive you
Sorry Mingwei
This is all for my future
Mingwei you bitch
How dare you hit Yue Yue?
I will kill you today
to death
When is it your turn to go wild in Reggie's turf?
Where did the dead old woman come from?
This is my place
My family has a 0.2% stake here.
I can do whatever I want
None of your business
You are a small shareholder
Dare to be arrogant in front of our Qindong market
You are Mr. Nie's grandmother
Qin Mingzhu came
Arrest them all for me
We can only deal with the slight
Pay back your love tenfold
Hello grandma